update day3 and 5 cheatsheets a tad (#657)
jhudsl/intro_to_r: modules/cheatsheets/Day-5.md

|`naniar`| [`pct_complete(x)`](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/naniar/versions/0.6.1/topics/pct_complete)|`pct_complete(x)`| Reports the percentage of data that is complete in `x`. |
|`naniar`| [`gg_miss_var(x)`](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/naniar/versions/0.6.1/topics/gg_miss_var)|`gg_miss_var(x)`| Reports as a plot the percentage of data that is complete in `x`. |
|`tidyr`| [`drop_na(df)`](https://tidyr.tidyverse.org/reference/drop_na.html)|`drop_na(df)`| Drops rows of `NA` from a given data frame/tibble |

> | `dplyr`| [`case_when()`](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/reference/case_when.html)| `df <- df %>% mutate(variable_recoded = case_when(variable > 2 ~ "large"", TRUE ~ variable) `|This function allows you to vectorize multiple [`if_else()`](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/reference/if_else.html) statements.  If no cases match, NA is returned, unless the TRUE statement specifies otherwise.|

Author: ```suggestion
| `dplyr`| [`case_when()`](https://dplyr.tidyverse.org/reference/case_when.html)| `df <- df %>% mutate(variable_recoded = case_when(variable > 2 ~ "large", TRUE ~ variable) `|This function allows you to recode data based on certain conditions.  If no cases match, NA is returned, unless the TRUE statement specifies otherwise.|
```
